feat: Gate policies at organization level PLUTO-505 (#1764)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories-configure/adjusting-quality-gates.md

# Adjusting quality gates

The **quality gates** of your repository configure when Codacy reports your pull requests and commits as not up to standards.

When you add your repository to Codacy, it automatically follows the [default gate policy for your organization](../organizations/using-gate-policies.md). If you want to set different quality gates for the repository, [create a new organization gate policy](../organizations/using-gate-policies.md#creating) to apply to the repository.

> !!! important

Reviewer: Could this be a `note` or even `tip` admonition instead? Like this, I feel like it could give the impression that users can potentially hit some issues (like bugs) if they use the repository-level settings. :thinking:

Author: Creating a new gate policy to have different quality gates is the recommended behavior. If the user sets different repository-level settings, the product shows the following warning: 

![image](https://github.com/codacy/docs/assets/26439949/e7ae6908-f50f-4598-a856-ef77af83093c)

Thus, I wouldn't include this expected behavior in an admonition. WDYT? 🤔

Author: Makes more sense now! 😄 
I changed it into a note.
Also, I changed the next one into a tip, as it seems more appropriate and avoids having two **notes** so close. Let me know if you agree.

Reviewer: Nice tweak! :raised_hands:

>     Although you can define custom quality gate settings for a specific repository, we recommend that you always [use a gate policy](../organizations/using-gate-policies.md) defined by your organization for consistency across repositories.

Reviewer: I left a couple of edit suggestions. I believe the plural works better here, and we can also use this explanation to stress the importance of enforcing consistent rules across all repositories.

```suggestion
    Although you can define custom quality gate settings for specific repositories, we recommend that you always [use a gate policy](../organizations/using-gate-policies.md) defined by your organization to enforce consistent rules across all repositories.
```

>     Although you can define custom quality gate settings for specific repositories, we recommend that you always [use a gate policy](../organizations/using-gate-policies.md) defined by your organization to enforce consistent rules across all repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Although you can define custom quality gate settings for specific repositories, we recommend that you always [use a gate policy](../organizations/using-gate-policies.md) defined by your organization to enforce consistent rules across multiple repositories.
```

Since we will allow multiple policies, it's not like all need to follow 1, but the ideia is that a group of repositories can follow the same rules

Author: Yes, nice catch! 🤓
